---
layout: minimal
title: Week 8 – Writing, Academic Integrity, Learning Theory
nav_exclude: true
parent: 🏠 Home
---

# {{ page.title }}

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19pkuzx4f4zcrI8s3RQTeU_VxHI2_AJf5h7zuCaMR7n8/edit?usp=sharing){: .btn .btn-blue }

<!-- No in-class worksheet today – though, as you'll see, you'll be discussing in groups quite a bit. -->

---

## 📖 Readings

<b><span style="color:red">Make sure you've read [last week's readings!](../07)</span></b>

- [Roberts, Opinion: Lax Academic Integrity Policies Let Students Freely Cheat the System](https://ucsdguardian.org/2019/05/01/opinion-lax-academic-integrity-policies-lets-students-freely-cheat-system/)
- If you're curious, [here is a cool course on MIT OpenCourseWare](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB1304385546D6F86) called _Teaching College-Level Science and Engineering_ with videos on a variety of teaching-related subjects.

---

## ✍️ Homework (due Sunday, May 25th)

Please answer the following prompts and submit your answers to the submission form linked at the end of this document. 

### Reflecting on Integrity

#### Question 1: Read this article:
[http://ucsdguardian.org/2019/05/01/opinion-lax-academic-integrity-policies-lets-students-freely-cheat-system/](http://ucsdguardian.org/2019/05/01/opinion-lax-academic-integrity-policies-lets-students-freely-cheat-system/)

Make **TWO** meaningful comments on this article. These can be questions that come to mind when reading the article or relating the article to your own personal experiences.

##### Example Comment 1: 
"Last year at UCSD ...about 2.67 percent of undergraduates were accused of academic dishonesty. According to a U.K. study’s background research, these numbers are on par with the average 2 percent accusation rate of many other universities" 

It’s interesting that the AI accusation rate at UCSD is higher than average. I wonder what factors are contributing to this and if it has to with how difficult it (used to) be to switch into the Computer Science major. Students who are under heavy pressure to get a perfect 4.0 to increase their chances to get into CS might be pushed to resort to unethical methods. 

---

### Promoting Integrity

#### Question 2: 
What kind of feelings come to mind when you imagine yourself having to confront a student about violating academic integrity? Do you feel nervous? Confident? Why do you think you feel that way?

**(Optional)** If your response to that last question is that you're a little uneasy with the thought of the confrontation, no worries! Even experienced tutors feel that way sometimes. What are some things you can do to maybe help you feel more confident with intervening? (Ex: Asking a tutor/professor who seems more confident)

---

### Academic Integrity Scenarios

The next portion of this assignment will be proposing scenarios that you may or may not encounter while tutoring. Respond to at least **TWO** of the scenarios below. Pick those that we did not talk about in class.

#### SCENARIO 1:
You are sitting in a lecture and a student is working on the class assignment on their laptop. You notice that students sitting behind them are peeking over and looking at their assignment. What do you say/do?

#### SCENARIO 2:
Someone on Ed publicly posts their code, followed by the error they're getting, asking for help. What do you say/do?

#### SCENARIO 3:
You know that a friend in the class you’re tutoring for has used ChatGPT to get their DSC homework answered before. What do you say/do?

#### SCENARIO 4:
You are in a group chat with several friends from the class you’re tutoring for, and you know it’s a place where people talk about course material. They begin asking you questions about the course now. What do you do? Is this fair to the other students?

#### SCENARIO 5:
You are tutoring in class, and you notice that one student is using two clickers to respond to the clicker questions. What do you say/do?

#### SCENARIO 6:
Walking through the lab, you notice a student from the class you are tutoring who appears to be going through their code changing variable names, indentation and style. It looks suspicious, like maybe they copied the code and now are trying to make it look like their own. What do you say/do?

---

### Submission

When you are done, write your answers to a Google form and submit the link to Gradescope:  
[Submit on Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/884511/assignments/5167824)
